Check app start spans time and foreground state (#3550)
getsentry/sentry-java: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

### Fixes

> - Check app start spans time and foreground state ([#3550](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/3550))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check app start spans time and ignore background app starts ([#3550](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/3550))
  - This should eliminate long-lasting App Start transactions
```
